DOCS-6396-skipnullon-duke (#1291)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-formats.adoc

[[skip_on_null]]
==== Skip Null On (for JSON)

You can use the `skipNullOn` writer property to omit null values from arrays, objects, or both.

> When set to:

Reviewer: Can you tweak this intro to make it a bit more comprehensive? Maybe something like "When blah is set to one of the following values, these actions occur:"? I'm sure you can come up with a better wording than mine!  ;-)

> * `arrays`: Ignore and omit `null` values from JSON output. Example: `output application/json skipNullOn="arrays"`

Reviewer: Per style reference for bullet lists:
```suggestion
* `arrays`
+
+ Ignore and omit `null` values from JSON output, for example, `output application/json skipNullOn="arrays"`.
```

> * `objects`: Ignore an object that has a null value. The output contains an empty object (`{}`) in place of the object with the null value. Example: `output application/json skipNullOn="objects"`

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
* `objects`
+
+ Ignore an object that has a null value. The output contains an empty object (`{}`) instead of the object with the null value, for example, `output application/json skipNullOn="objects"`.
```

> * `everywhere`: Apply `skipNullOn` to arrays and objects. Example: `output application/json skipNullOn="everywhere"`

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
* `everywhere`
+
+ Apply `skipNullOn` to arrays and objects, for example: `output application/json skipNullOn="everywhere"`.
```

> === Defining a Metadata Type (for JSON)

Reviewer: No punctuation in titles
```suggestion
=== Defining a Metadata Type for JSON
```
